New Entry: General Font Awesome (#849)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/font-awesome/terms/fa-ul/fa-ul.md

---
Title: 'fa-ul'
Description: 'Used with the fa-li class to create custom bullets in unordered lists.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'World Wide Web'
  - 'Fonts'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-css'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`fa-ul`** class is used with the `fa-li` class to create custom bullets in unordered lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`fa-ul`** class is used with the [`fa-li`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/font-awesome-fa-li) class to create custom decorators in unordered lists.
```
